# generated with bin/project-contexts
context.3dprinting.read = project:3d printing
context.3dprinting.write = project:3d printing
context.asgbg.read = project:ASGBG
context.asgbg.write = project:ASGBG
context.bcc.read = project:BCC
context.bcc.write = project:BCC
context.blog.read = project:Blog
context.blog.write = project:Blog
context.commondirectory.read = project:CommonDirectory
context.commondirectory.write = project:CommonDirectory
context.commute.read = project:Commute
context.commute.write = project:Commute
context.confit.read = project:Confit
context.confit.write = project:Confit
context.desktop.read = project:Desktop
context.desktop.write = project:Desktop
context.diecut.read = project:Diecut
context.diecut.write = project:Diecut
context.ergo.read = project:Ergo
context.ergo.write = project:Ergo
context.finances.read = project:Finances
context.finances.write = project:Finances
context.gpgca.read = project:GPGCA
context.gpgca.write = project:GPGCA
context.gifts.read = project:Gifts
context.gifts.write = project:Gifts
context.gitalong.read = project:GitAlong
context.gitalong.write = project:GitAlong
context.gotham.read = project:Gotham
context.gotham.write = project:Gotham
context.hm.read = project:HM
context.hm.write = project:HM
context.home.read = project:Home
context.home.write = project:Home
context.homemanager.read = project:HomeManager
context.homemanager.write = project:HomeManager
context.jdlops.read = project:JDLOps
context.jdlops.write = project:JDLOps
context.keyboards.read = project:Keyboards
context.keyboards.write = project:Keyboards
context.kitgen.read = project:Kitgen
context.kitgen.write = project:Kitgen
context.lorri.read = project:Lorri
context.lorri.write = project:Lorri
context.lucidhash.read = project:Lucidhash
context.lucidhash.write = project:Lucidhash
context.mergetron.read = project:Mergetron
context.mergetron.write = project:Mergetron
context.mezzo.read = project:Mezzo
context.mezzo.write = project:Mezzo
context.movieswithaj.read = project:Movies with AJ
context.movieswithaj.write = project:Movies with AJ
context.nixtofu.read = project:NixTOFU
context.nixtofu.write = project:NixTOFU
context.nixpkgs.read = project:Nixpkgs
context.nixpkgs.write = project:Nixpkgs
context.nvimconfig.read = project:NvimConfig
context.nvimconfig.write = project:NvimConfig
context.ossoktassh.read = project:OSSOktaSSH
context.ossoktassh.write = project:OSSOktaSSH
context.odophoto.read = project:Odophoto
context.odophoto.write = project:Odophoto
context.openprecincts.read = project:OpenPrecincts
context.openprecincts.write = project:OpenPrecincts
context.penny.read = project:Penny
context.penny.write = project:Penny
context.quickfixable.read = project:Quickfixable
context.quickfixable.write = project:Quickfixable
context.research.read = project:Research
context.research.write = project:Research
context.rhet.read = project:Rhet
context.rhet.write = project:Rhet
context.roadforest.read = project:Roadforest
context.roadforest.write = project:Roadforest
context.rubrics.read = project:Rubrics
context.rubrics.write = project:Rubrics
context.rustgraph.read = project:RustGraph
context.rustgraph.write = project:RustGraph
context.sandboxviewer.read = project:SandboxViewer
context.sandboxviewer.write = project:SandboxViewer
context.shexmap.read = project:ShexMap
context.shexmap.write = project:ShexMap
context.sous.read = project:Sous
context.sous.write = project:Sous
context.stories.read = project:Stories
context.stories.write = project:Stories
context.tshirts.read = project:T Shirts
context.tshirts.write = project:T Shirts
context.t-shirts.read = project:T-Shirts
context.t-shirts.write = project:T-Shirts
context.tshirts.read = project:TShirts
context.tshirts.write = project:TShirts
context.tufnix.read = project:TUFNix
context.tufnix.write = project:TUFNix
context.tvwithaj.read = project:TV with AJ
context.tvwithaj.write = project:TV with AJ
context.taskwarrior.read = project:Taskwarrior
context.taskwarrior.write = project:Taskwarrior
context.teddiff.read = project:Teddiff
context.teddiff.write = project:Teddiff
context.tshirts.read = project:Tshirts
context.tshirts.write = project:Tshirts
context.wagthepig.read = project:Wagthepig
context.wagthepig.write = project:Wagthepig
context.whiteboard.read = project:Whiteboard
context.whiteboard.write = project:Whiteboard
context.whiteboard_local.read = project:Whiteboard.local
context.whiteboard_local.write = project:Whiteboard.local
context.ymeadows.read = project:YMeadows
context.ymeadows.write = project:YMeadows
context.ymeadows.read = project:Ymeadows
context.ymeadows.write = project:Ymeadows
context.cryptopals.read = project:cryptopals
context.cryptopals.write = project:cryptopals
context.livingroom.read = project:living room
context.livingroom.write = project:living room
context.qbadges.read = project:qbadges
context.qbadges.write = project:qbadges
context.tag_penny.read = tag:Penny
context.tag_penny.write = tag:Penny
context.tag_tshirts.read = tag:Tshirts
context.tag_tshirts.write = tag:Tshirts
context.tag_blog.read = tag:blog
context.tag_blog.write = tag:blog
context.tag_boardgame.read = tag:boardgame
context.tag_boardgame.write = tag:boardgame
context.tag_books.read = tag:books
context.tag_books.write = tag:books
context.tag_bug.read = tag:bug
context.tag_bug.write = tag:bug
context.tag_games.read = tag:games
context.tag_games.write = tag:games
context.tag_home.read = tag:home
context.tag_home.write = tag:home
context.tag_idea.read = tag:idea
context.tag_idea.write = tag:idea
context.tag_jobs.read = tag:jobs
context.tag_jobs.write = tag:jobs
context.tag_next.read = tag:next
context.tag_next.write = tag:next
context.tag_nocal.read = tag:nocal
context.tag_nocal.write = tag:nocal
context.tag_nocolor.read = tag:nocolor
context.tag_nocolor.write = tag:nocolor
context.tag_nonag.read = tag:nonag
context.tag_nonag.write = tag:nonag
context.tag_ops.read = tag:ops
context.tag_ops.write = tag:ops
context.tag_penny.read = tag:penny
context.tag_penny.write = tag:penny
context.tag_personal.read = tag:personal
context.tag_personal.write = tag:personal
context.tag_project.read = tag:project
context.tag_project.write = tag:project
context.tag_support.read = tag:support
context.tag_support.write = tag:support
context.tag_tv.read = tag:tv
context.tag_tv.write = tag:tv
context.tag_weekend.read = tag:weekend
context.tag_weekend.write = tag:weekend
context.tag_work.read = tag:work
context.tag_work.write = tag:work
context.tag_wtp.read = tag:wtp
context.tag_wtp.write = tag:wtp
context.tag_ymeadows.read = tag:ymeadows
context.tag_ymeadows.write = tag:ymeadows
